feat(dynamo): add NVIDIA Dynamo (SGLang) LLM inference test case on HyperPod EKS (#1155)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/pytorch/nvidia-dynamo/README.md

HyperPod EKS cluster with the SGLang backend, each in **aggregated** and **disaggregated**
flavors — four self-contained scenarios driven by the Dynamo operator and its
`DynamoGraphDeployment` (DGD) CRD.

| Scenario | Model | Pattern | GPUs |
|---|---|---|---|
| `gpt-oss-agg`    | GPT-OSS-20B      | Aggregated (1 worker = prefill+decode) | 1 |
| `gpt-oss-disagg` | GPT-OSS-20B      | Disaggregated (prefill + decode, NIXL) | 2 |
| `qwen3.6-agg`    | Qwen3.6-27B-FP8  | Aggregated                             | 1 |
| `qwen3.6-disagg` | Qwen3.6-27B-FP8  | Disaggregated (prefill + decode, NIXL) | 2 |

- **Aggregated**: one worker handles the full request; the frontend routes by KV-cache overlap.
- **Disaggregated**: prefill and decode run on separate workers; the KV cache is transferred
  prefill→decode via NIXL (RDMA where EFA is available, otherwise TCP).

See [BENCHMARKS.md](BENCHMARKS.md) for measured TTFT / ITL / throughput, and
[OBSERVABILITY.md](OBSERVABILITY.md) for wiring Dynamo metrics into the HyperPod Grafana.

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Detail |
|---|---|
| HyperPod EKS cluster | Two instance groups (see below); `kubectl` configured, `helm` v3+ |

> | Control nodes | 2x `ml.c6i.xlarge` — platform components (operator, etcd, NATS) |

Reviewer: ### Prereq table contradicts the install section on etcd/NATS placement

**Observation:** This row says the control nodes host "platform components (operator, etcd, NATS)". But the install section just below — and `platform/values.yaml` — place **etcd + NATS on the GPU workers** ("the control nodes' pod cap can't host them"), with only the operator on control.
**Impact (should-fix):** Directly contradictory; this row is wrong and will mislead capacity planning.

```suggestion
| Control nodes | 2x `ml.c6i.xlarge` — platform operator (etcd + NATS run on the GPU workers) |
```

> | Control nodes | 2x `ml.c6i.xlarge` — platform components (operator, etcd, NATS) |

Reviewer: ### `dynamo-control` instance-group name is mandatory but undocumented

**Observation:** `platform/values.yaml` hard-pins the operator to `sagemaker.amazonaws.com/instance-group-name: dynamo-control`. The README is emphatic that the GPU group "**must** be named `dynamo-workers`", but never states that the control group must be named `dynamo-control`.
**Impact (should-fix):** A user who names their control group anything else gets the operator pod stuck `Pending` with no warning from the prereqs.
**Suggestion:** Add to the prereqs/callout, alongside the `dynamo-workers` requirement: "The control instance group **must** be named `dynamo-control`." (Or template both names so they aren't load-bearing magic strings.)
